[RM Ch07, RA1 Ch02] Update security Requirements (#2081)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter07.md

| req.sec.sys.012 | The Platform **must** protect all secrets by using strong encryption techniques, and storing the protected secrets externally from the component. | (e.g., in OpenStack Barbican). |
| req.sec.sys.013 | The Platform **must** provide secrets dynamically as and when needed. | |
| req.sec.sys.014 | The Platform **should** use Linux Security Modules such as SELinux to control access to resources. | |

> | req.sec.sys.015 | The platform **must not** contain back door entries (unpublished access points, APIs, etc.). |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.sys.015 | The Platform **must not** contain back door entries (unpublished access points, APIs, etc.). |  |
```

| req.sec.sys.016 | Login access to the platform's components **must** be through encrypted protocols such as SSH v2 or TLS v1.2 or higher. | Note: Hardened jump servers isolated from external networks are recommended |

> | req.sec.sys.017 | The platform must provide the capability of using digital certificates that comply with X.509 standards and issued from a trusted Certification Authority. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.sys.017 | The Platform must provide the capability of using digital certificates that comply with X.509 standards issued by a trusted Certification Authority. |  |
```

> | req.sec.sys.018 | The platform must provide the capability of allowing certificate renewal and revocation. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.sys.018 | The Platform must provide the capability of allowing certificate renewal and revocation. |  |
```

> | req.sec.sys.019 | The platform must provide the capability of testing the validity of a digital certificate (CA signature, validity period, non revocation, identity). |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.sys.019 | The Platform must provide the capability of testing the validity of a digital certificate (CA signature, validity period, non revocation, identity). |  |
```

| req.sec.mon.012 | The Platform **must** Monitor and Audit Traffic patterns and volumes to prevent malware download attempts. | |
| req.sec.mon.013 | The monitoring system **must not** affect the security (integrity and confidentiality) of the infrastructure, workloads, or the user data (through back door entries). |  |
| req.sec.mon.014 | The Monitoring systems **should not** impact IAAS, PAAS, and SAAS SLAs including availability SLAs. |  |

> | req.sec.mon.015 | The Platform **must** ensure that the Monitoring systems are never starved of resources and **must** activate alarms when resources exceeded a configurable threshold. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.mon.015 | The Platform **must** ensure that the Monitoring systems are never starved of resources and **must** activate alarms when resource utilisation exceeds a configurable threshold. |  |
```

| req.sec.mon.016 | The Platform Monitoring components **should** follow security best practices for auditing, including secure logging and tracing. | |
| req.sec.mon.017 | The Platform **must** audit systems for any missing security patches and take appropriate actions. |  |

> | req.sec.mon.018 | The platform, starting from initialization, **must** collect and analyze logs to identify security events, and store these events in an external system. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.mon.018 | The Platform, starting from initialization, **must** collect and analyze logs to identify security events, and store these events in an external system. | |
```

> | req.sec.mon.019 | The platform’s components **must not** include an authentication credential, e.g., password, in any logs, even if encrypted. | | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.mon.019 | The Platform’s components **must not** include an authentication credential, e.g., password, in any logs, even if encrypted. | | 
```

> | req.sec.mon.020 | The platform’s logging system **must** support the storage of security audit logs for a configurable period of time. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.mon.020 | The Platform’s logging system **must** support the storage of security audit logs for a configurable period of time. | |
```

> | req.sec.mon.021 | The platform **must** store security events locally if the external logging system is unavailable and shall attempt to send these to the logging system when communications are re-established. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| req.sec.mon.021 | The platform **must** store security events locally if the external logging system is unavailable and shall periodically attempt to send these to the external logging system until successful.. | |
```
